The Reigning...
Spring Tennoushou
The Undefeated...
The Reigning...
Spring Tennoushou
This weekend is the long-awaited
Spring Tennoushou!
The Undefeated...
The Reigning...
Spring Tennoushou
Horse Girl Spotlight
Today, we've got a special feature on the
most highly-anticipated horse girls.
There are a lot of big stars running
in the Tennoushou this time.
And the biggest one of all
is probably Tokai Teio.
I'm a big fan of Teio myself!
She's so strong and cute!
But she's going up against some
stiff competition this time.
Our Feature!
The Tennoushou (Spring)
Twinkle
And that's because...
Mejiro McQueen's gonna be running, too!
With how long the race is, she's got it tied up!
Just look at the data!
She won the Tennoushou last year!
She's bound to be amazing!
Teio-san's gonna win!
No, McQueen-san's gonna win!
Teio-san!
McQueen-san!
Golshi Channel!
Peace
Peace! Peace!
Starting today
I'm gonna be uploading videos here on Golshi Channel
Starting today, I'm gonna be uploading
videos here on Golshi Channel.
Trainer-san!
It's almost time for the Tennoushou!
Trainer-san! It's almost
time for the Tennoushou!
Any comments!?
Any comments?!
Huh? Comments?
Do something funny!!
Wait, I have to be funny?
You gotta juice the entertainment
value for those views, man!
Not happening!
Aw, he's running!
What will become of Trainer!?
What will become of Trainer?!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Episode 5
Unbeaten Champion
Here she comes.
Stay focused until the very end!
Bring it home now!
Are you kidding me?!
She's still got stamina to spare?!
All right. That's a good time.
Yeah!
Hey, you're not out of breath.
I think I've really gained a lot of stamina!
They say uphill training has triple
the effect of level ground.
Seems like we got the desired effect.
Yeah! I can run 3,200 meters
without running out of gas!
Where are you going?
Gonna run it one more time!
Actually, two! Well, maybe three!
Is she serious?
Heavy
Here we go!
Ready...
Start!
My legs... I feel so light!
W-Wow...
My legs have never been like this before.
It feels wonderful!
Trainer, she's crazy fast!
She really seems a lot more powerful.
Her hindquarters have been strengthened.
Teio and McQueen have both
significantly powered up.
Man, how is this gonna turn out?
Watch Out for Cars!
Stats Are Good, But So Are Fortunes
Best Value
Machikane's
fortunes
tend to be
right
How's the Tennoushou gonna turn out?
I was gonna try to stay out in
front the entire time, as usual.
Hell yeah, I love it! You get it,
outrunning rules! Whoo!
Allow me to gaze into your future.
Hey, is that some kinda new disco ball?
Is there...
I'm afraid not.
No, this won't do at all, I'm afraid!
There's no hope?
Staying on the run won't be sufficient.
Oh, that's what you meant?
You must significantly outrun them.
Super outrun them!
Ultim-outrun them for good fortune!
Ultimate outrunning?
Oh, that sounds super for serious!
All you gotta do now is start running in
hype mode as soon as the gate pops off!
Yeah.
I guess I'll try ultim-outrunning!
Okay, time for more training!
I've been losing a lot lately,
after all. I wanna win.
I hope I can win next time.
Tokai Teio!
Hey.
I saw you at the Osaka Hai.
You're must be pretty good to beat our Dictus!
Next, I'm gonna be taking you on,
so you better get ready.
O-Okay...
I was worried you might've been done
for when you got injured, though, Teio!
You did a good job making it back.
It's important to never give up.
So I have to work hard.
You're right!
I'm gonna work hard on my next race, too!
Yeah! See you later, Double Turbo!
It's Twin Turbo! I sit,
like, right next to you!
Did you forget anything?
The Undefeated...
The Reigning...
Spring Tennoushou
The Undefeated...
The Reigning...
Spring Tennoushou
Of course not.
We wanna make sure to see this
Tennoushou in the best spot possible.
So we'd better get in line early.
Here you go, Kita-chan.
It's hot, okay?
Thanks!
S-So early!
G
o
n
a
r
u
n
?
D
a
i
t
a
k
u
H
e
l
i
o
s
G
o
n
a
r
u
n
!
M
e
j
i
r
o
P
a
l
m
e
r
Good morning!
Spring Tennoushou
Mornin'...
Huh?!
I can't eat another bite...
Aim to be an undefeated Triple Crown horse girl!!
We're here at the Kyoto Racecourse, and
there's a capacity crowd in the stands.
Spring Tennoushou
This is the Spring Tennoushou.
Will the winner be the undefeated Tokai Teio?
So fast!
Or the previous year's winner, Mejiro McQueen?
It may even be an upset!
I'm Akasaka, here with play-by-play.
Joining me, as always,
Hosoe-san, on commentary.
It's good to have you with me today.
Likewise, of course.
Step right on up!
Golshi Lunches
I've got Tokai Teio and Mejiro McQueen lunches,
and both of them are going fast!
Tokai
Teio
Big Pork Katsu
Mejiro
McQueen
Sweets Box
Don't get caught without one!
Spe, I need more stock!
Why am I working, too?
The most popular competitor
does seem to be Tokai Teio.
I'd say so. She fractured a leg at the Derby,
but made a complete
comeback at the Osaka Hai.
Her running there made it look
like she was just getting started.
Mejiro McQueen
Next up has to be Mejiro McQueen.
Being the previous year's champion,
you can tell Mejiro McQueen won't
surrender the Tennoushou without a fight.
Get your Tokai Teio and Mejiro
McQueen boxed lunches here!
Get both in a set for only 2,980 yen!
Trainer...
Are you not going to see them?
I told both I wouldn't talk to
them on the day of the race.
They're probably so focused that
it'd be a distraction at this point.
True enough.
The horse girls are entering,
one after another!
Good luck!
I'm rooting for you!
Bourbon...
Sir?
Make note of Teio and McQueen's running
going into the Derby and Kikkashou.
Yes, sir.
And now, the winner of last year's Arima Kinen,
Daisangen, has arrived on the turf.
Oh, and there's Mejiro Palmer, who has
declared her intent to outrun the entire pack.
You can do it!
Palmer!
You better be vibing out there!
The ultimate kind of outrunning,
so no one can catch up to me!
McQueen is better suited to
the distance they're running.
But I just can't picture Teio losing,
the way she is now.
It's certainly going to be an amazing race.
And no matter who wins,
someone's got to lose.
Man, racing can be cruel.
Cruel? I bet you they don't
feel that way. Right?
That's right!
The Undefeated...
The Reigning...
Spring Tennoushou
Undefeated!
Reigning!
The Spring Tennoushou is 3,200 meters,
making it the longest in the G1.
The ability to perform well as a
stayer is going to be crucial.
What brought all this on?
The previous champ, McQueen,
is coming into this after running
the 3,000 meter Hanshin Daishoten...
But Teio just sprinted through
the 2,000 meter Osaka Hai.
Teio comes out on top in popularity,
but does she really have the
long-distance legs to rival McQueen?
True enough, and Teio's longest race was
the Derby, which is only 2,400 meters.
Teio-san's not gonna lose!
S-Sorry!
Let's make sure to remember every moment.
Yeah, you're right.
This is a serious race between two
of the most dazzling horse girls.
We'd better make sure to take it all in.
Why are you in your racing gear?
So that I'll be able to hit the field if
there are any horse girls who don't show up!
If you do lose, please try not to cry.
Just be ready to be one of my backup
dancers at the Winning Concert.
Go on ahead.
By all means, you first.
Oh, I couldn't! You go.
No, I really must insist.
Rock-paper-scissors—
There she is!
Aiming for the first ever consecutive
Tennoushou win, it's Mejiro McQueen!
Her fans have packed the track,
and are greeting her with cheers!
Her new racing gear is quite lovely.
So cool!
McQueen-san... you're so dreamy!
Ready, and...
You can do it, McQueen!
...san!
And now, the star has arrived.
Seven races, and seven wins: Tokai Teio!
She certainly looks ready.
Teio!
Her aura is amazing!
Please win, McQueen-san!
You've got this, Teio-san!
Ready, and...
You can do it, Teio!
...san!
I don't know if I've ever
seen a more excited crowd.
You're right.
They were excited when
you were running, Rudolf-chan.
No, today's response is
much bigger than mine was.
I wish I had a rival to
race against, the way they do.
Who do I root for?
Both of them, of course!
I'm gonna outrun everybody today, ultimately!
McQueen's
I-Is this...
McQueen!
We have an announcement.
Due to one of Mejiro McQueen's
horseshoes coming off,
and the need to reapply it, there will
be a delay in the start of the race.
Oh, no...
Huh? McQueen-san...
Is she gonna be okay?
This has happened before, hasn't it?
Yeah, I remember.
It happened to the most popular horse girl
at the time, but she ended up losing after.
Oh man, I've got a bad feeling about this.
No bad feelings allowed!
S-Sorry!
Don't lose your focus, McQueen!
Teio's staying calm through the wait, huh?
This is like the duel between Miyamoto Musashi
and Sasaki Kojiro at Ganryuu Island.
Which one is Miyamoto Musashi, in this case?
Is it Turbo's time to shine?
It looks like Mejiro McQueen has
finished with her horseshoe.
Despite the incident, she doesn't
seem to have lost her composure.
The fanfare signaling the start
of the match of the millennium
has begun to play throughout
the Kyoto Racecourse.
Just who will win?
Each horse girl enters her gate,
looking ready to struggle for supremacy.
And last up is Tokai Teio,
entering #14 on the outside.
Teio-san!
McQueen-san!
Now, who will leave the Spring
Tennoushou victorious? The 7-0 Tokai Teio?
Or the strongest stayer, Mejiro McQueen?
These 14 horse girls are putting
their pride on the line...
And the race has begun!
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
The horse girls are holding fairly
tightly together as the race starts off.
No one is lagging behind.
Who will set the pace of this
3,200 meter long distance run?
Go!
Which one?!
Both!
Will McQueen make the
first move, or Tokai Teio?
Oh, and Mejiro Palmer presses
up from the outside!
Wha?!
Mejiro Palmer is now leading the race!
Ultim-outrun!
Here we go!
McQueen is currently hovering
around 6th and 7th place,
with Tokai Teio moving into a
similar position on the outside.
McQueen is starting to push forward,
with Tokai Teio holding
steady slightly behind her.
Everyone's attention is
locked on these two,
who are taking the center
spotlight at this race!
A 3,200 course is going to involve
a lot of sudden shifts in pace.
It demands a lot of stamina,
focus, and racing know-how.
What brought this on?
There's a tendency to speed up
coming around the fourth corner
in order to get the crowd on your side.
But if you fall for that here,
and blow the stamina needed for the
final stretch, it won't do any good!
I guess our cheering is just
gonna get in the way, huh?
The horse girls will now be
passing the front-side stands.
Here they come!
McQueen-san!
Teio-san!
Go!
Entering the home stretch of the first lap,
and they're now passing in
front of the majority of the seats.
And the spectators are spurring them on!
Come on! You can do it!
Hang in there!
It's so bumpy! It's hard to run on!
Looks like the turf's
gotten completely torn up.
It takes real power to persevere. I wonder...
I'll stick behind McQueen during
the opening and mid game.
And when we hit the third corner on
the second lap, I'll make my move!
The cheers have quieted down a bit,
as Mejiro Palmer retains the lead,
pulling the others along.
I need to get a bigger lead!
Come on! Dig deep!
McQueen is currently in 4th place,
with Tokai Teio in the middle of the pack.
She's positioned herself so she
can keep her eyes on Mejiro McQueen.
I can see McQueen's moves from here!
Which one is going to strike first?
Who's it gonna be?!
Rounding the second corner,
they have now entered the backstretch.
With the race reaching its final half,
focus will be honing in on when
Mejiro McQueen and Tokai Teio choose
to enter their final spurt.
The horse girls are now
entering the third corner.
Okay, here we go! Let's do it!
Oh, and Tokai Teio is on
the move! There she goes!
Go!
The incline of the third corner! This is it!
But the spring winner's plaque is something
that last year's winner, Mejiro McQueen,
has no intention of ceding to another!
Yet Tokai Teio is determined
to walk away with it!
They've now hit the 800 meter mark!
We're entering unknown territory,
an all-new distance for Tokai Teio!
I trained so much! I can do this!
Don't lose, Teio! Don't lose, McQueen!
And McQueen is now in the lead!
She is out in front!
The horse girls are now
entering the home stretch!
Tokai Teio is hot on her tail!
She's coming after her!
Nothing's in my way! I can do this!
Watch me, Prez!
Teio's going for it!
Whoa, and Tokai Teio presses even harder!
Not bad, McQueen!
But I'm gonna win this!
I can't move up any further! Why? Why?!
Is it me, or is she not looking
as sharp as usual?
And like she's having a hard time.
This is where the distance
is making a difference!
But I trained so hard!
I can't lose! I'm going to be undefeated!
I promised the Prez!
McQueen!
McQueen is demonstrating miraculous speed!
And what's happening to Tokai Teio?
She's not gaining the way she normally does!
Currently falling from third to fourth!
Mejiro McQueen is still in the lead,
with Kania Curation in second!
Grace On Dance passes Tokai
Teio and moves into third,
but it doesn't look like anyone
is catching up to Mejiro McQueen!
She's amazing! More than amazing!
The best stayer in modern racing,
Mejiro McQueen!
Her lead keeps expanding,
and in first place—
She crosses the goal!
For the second time in a row,
she has won the Spring Tennoushou!
Mejiro McQueen has asserted her
unassailable position of power!
McQueen...
Teio-san...
Yay!
I... I can't believe Tokai Teio lost.
Not bad at all, McQueen!
She did it!
I've just never been in a long race before.
We don't know if I'm any good at it or not.
You can compensate for
stamina with training...
I wasn't able to become an undefeated
Triple Crown horse girl.
But I can keep being undefeated!
K
y
o
t
Results
If you do lose, please try not to cry.
McQueen...
A consecutive Tennoushou... That's amazing.
Teio...
It was because of you...
I'm only where I am today because of you.
Teio—
Congratulations, McQueen.
Thank you, Teio.
Congratulations, McQueen-san.
I lost, huh?
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-